"With great power comes great responsibility." - Uncle Ben, Spider-Man (2002)
"I'm just a girl, standing in front of a boy, asking him to love her." - Anna Scott, Notting Hill (1999)
"I feel the need—the need for speed." - Maverick, Top Gun (1986)
"To infinity and beyond!" - Buzz Lightyear, Toy Story (1995)
"I could do this all day." - Steve Rogers/Captain America, Captain America: The First Avenger (2011)
"I'm king of the world!" - Jack Dawson, Titanic (1997)
"May the Force be with you." - Various characters, Star Wars franchise
"I'm not a hero. I'm a high-functioning sociopath." - Sherlock Holmes, Sherlock Holmes (2009)
"Here's looking at you, kid." - Rick Blaine, Casablanca (1942)
"There's no crying in baseball!" - Jimmy Dugan, A League of Their Own (1992)
"Why do we fall, sir? So that we can learn to pick ourselves up." - Alfred, Batman Begins (2005)
"I solemnly swear that I am up to no good." - Various characters, Harry Potter franchise
"Life is like a box of chocolates; you never know what you're gonna get." - Forrest Gump, Forrest Gump (1994)
"I volunteer as tribute!" - Katniss Everdeen, The Hunger Games (2012)
"I am Groot." - Groot, Guardians of the Galaxy (2014)
"I'm the Dude. So that's what you call me. You know, that or, uh, His Dudeness, or uh, Duder, or El Duderino if you're not into the whole brevity thing." - The Dude, The Big Lebowski (1998)
"Wakanda forever!" - Various characters, Black Panther (2018)
"I've got a bad feeling about this." - Various characters, Star Wars franchise
"I am Spartacus!" - Spartacus, Spartacus (1960)
"It’s not who I am underneath, but what I do that defines me." – Bruce Wayne, Batman Begins
"Just because someone stumbles and loses their path, doesn’t mean they’re lost forever." – Professor Charles Xavier, X-Men: First Class
"Men don’t follow titles, they follow courage." – William Wallace, Braveheart
"Just treat me the same. No better, no worse." – Jordan O’Neill, G.I. Jane
"Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light."– Dumbledore, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
"Oh yes, the past can hurt. But you can either run from it, or learn from it." – Rafiki, The Lion King
"I shouldn’t be alive… unless it was for a reason. I’m not crazy, Pepper. I just finally know what I have to do. And I know in my heart that it’s right." – Tony Stark, Iron Man
"But if you make yourself more than just a man, if you devote yourself to an ideal, and if they can’t stop you, then you become something else entirely….A legend, Mr. Wayne." – Ra’s Al Ghul, Batman Begins
"I don’t like bullies, I don’t care where they’re from." – Captain America, Captain America: The First Avenger
"As long as we live, we must remain true to ourselves."– Spartacus, Spartacus
"Until you start believing in yourself, you ain’t gonna have a life!" – Rocky Balboa, Rocky Balboa
"Power is when we have every justification to kill, and we don’t."– Oskar Schindler, Schindler’s List
"Life moves pretty fast. If you don’t stop and look around once in awhile, you could miss it." – Ferris, Ferris Bueller’s Day Off
"Don’t let anyone ever make you feel like you don’t deserve what you want." – Patrick Verona (Heath Ledger), 10 Things I Hate About You
"It is not our abilities that show what we truly are… it is our choices." – Dumbledore, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
"Don’t ever let somebody tell you you can’t do something, not even me. Alright? You dream, you gotta protect it. People can’t do something themselves, they wanna tell you you can’t do it. If you want something, go get it. Period." – Chris Gardner, The Pursuit of Happyness
"Nobody is gonna hit as hard as life, but it ain’t how hard you can hit. It’s how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. It’s how much you can take, and keep moving forward. That’s how winning is done." – Rocky, Rocky Balboa
"To see the world, things dangerous to come to, to see behind walls, to draw closer, to find each other and to feel. That is the purpose of life." – Walter Mitty, The Secret Life of Walter Mitty
"I know what I have to do now, I’ve got to keep breathing because tomorrow the sun will rise. Who knows what the tide could bring?" – Chuck Noland, Cast Away
"Being perfect is not about that scoreboard out there. It’s not about winning. It’s about you and your relationship with yourself, your family and your friends. Being perfect is about being able to look your friends in the eye and know that you didn’t let them down because you told them the truth. And that truth is you did everything you could. There wasn’t one more thing you could’ve done. Can you live in that moment as best you can, with clear eyes, and love in your heart, with joy in your heart? If you can do that gentleman– you’re perfect!" – Coach Gary Gaines, Friday Night Lights
"If you lose your head and you give up, then you neither live nor win. That’s just the way it is." – Josey Wales, The Outlaw Josey Wales
"You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view. Until you climb inside of his skin and walk around in it." – Atticus Finch, To Kill a Mockingbird
"What we do in life echoes in eternity." – General Maximus Decimus Meridius, Gladiator
"Don’t give in to hate. That leads to the dark side."– Obi-Wan Kenobi, Star Wars V: The Empire Strikes Back
"Every man dies, but not every man really lives." – William Wallace, Braveheart
"Kid, there are heroes and there are legends. Heroes get remembered, but legends never die. Follow your heart, kid, and you’ll never go wrong." – Babe Ruth, The Sandlot
"Frodo: What are we holding onto, Sam? Sam: That there’s some good in this world, Mr. Frodo, and it’s worth fighting for." – Frodo and Sam, The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers
"A true hero isn't measured by the size of his strength but by the size of his heart." ― Zeus 
"Sometimes you have to take a leap of faith first. The trust part comes later." ― Jor-El, 
"Man Of Steel Sometimes the truth is not enough; sometimes, people want more. At times people want to have their faith rewarded." ― Batman 
"All men have limits. They learn what they are, and they learn not to exceed them. I ignore mine." ― Chuck Dixon 
"Faith is my sword. Truth is my shield. Knowledge, my armour." ― Stephen Strange 
"Sometimes being a brother is even better than being a superhero." ― Marc Brown 
"Once I claim what is mine, the answers you seek shall be yours." ― Thor 
"I'm here to fight for truth, and justice, and the American way." ― Superman (DC) 
"It took God seven days to create paradise. Let's see if I can do better." ― Batman & Robin 
"Somebody may have ripped the Q section out of the dictionary because I don't know what the word quit means!" ― Mr Furious 
"Why do we fall, sir? So that we can learn to pick ourselves up." ― Alfred Pennyworth 
"No matter how often you save the world, it always manages to get back in jeopardy again." ― Bob Parr 
"Only love can save the universe. So I stay. I fight and give for the world. This is my mission in life." ― Diana Prince 
"I believe there's a hero in all of us that keeps us honest." ― Spiderman 
"Go in peace, my daughter. And remember that, in a world of ordinary mortals, you are a wonder woman." ― Queen Hippolyta 
"Sometimes the truth isn't good enough. Sometimes people have got to have their faith rewarded." ― Christian Bale 
"I won't kill you, but I don't have to save you " ― Batman (DC) 
"Life doesn't give us purpose. We give life purpose." ― The Flash 
"No, I know what it is like not to reach your expectations. Where you feel like nothing you do is ever good enough." ― Hal Jordan 
"Don't ever let somebody tell you you can't do something. You want something, go get it. Period." - Chris Gardner
"Carpe Diem. Seize the day, boys. Make your lives extraordinary." - John Keating
"Even the smallest person can change the course of the future." - Galadriel
"Every man dies, but not every man really lives." - William Wallace
"It's not who I am underneath, but what I do that defines me." - Batman/Bruce Wayne
"Do, or do not. There is no try." - Yoda
"No man can win every battle, but no man should fall without a struggle." ― Spiderman
"The greatest power on Earth is the magnificent power we all possess, the power of the human brain!" ― Professor X
"With determination, courage and the drive to never give up, you can accomplish anything. ― Superman Why do we fall? So we can learn to pick ourselves back up." ― Batman 
"The actual crime would be not finishing what we started." ― Doctor Octopus
"Everything doesn't have to be about fear. There's room in our line of work for hope, too." ― Batgirl 
"I need a day when there aren't twenty crises to deal with, but I don't see that coming soon." ― Iron Man 
"I believe in second chances." ― Flash (DC) 
"The door is more than it appears. It separates who you are from who you can be. You do not have to walk through it." ― Franklin Richards
"What happens when the unstoppable force meets the immovable object?' They surrender. " ― Superman 
"Don't give up. Keep going." ― Wonder Woman (DC) 
"Superpowers don't always make you a superhero." ― Duck 
f you cage the beast, the beast will get angry. ― Wolverine 
It's not who I am underneath but what I do that defines me." ― Batman 
"When you decide not to be afraid, you can find friends in unexpected places. "
"The fate of your planet rests not in the hands of God of Gods. It rests in the hand of mortals." ― Thor 
"Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life". ― Iron Man (Marvel) 
"A hero is an ordinary individual who finds the strength to persevere and endure despite overwhelming obstacles." ― Superman Read 
"Well, To Be Fair, You Make A Pretty Lousy Murderer."
"I’m Here Because Someone Dodged A Very Important Question."
"Let's make sure history never forgets the name Enterprise"
"It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose"
"What we leave behind is not as important as how we lived"
"You have to measure your successes and your failures within"
"The first duty of every Starfleet officer is to the truth"
"I do not fire on defenseless people"
"You must not kneel to me"
"There can be no justice as long as laws are absolute"
"When the bough breaks, data, find a way to defeat that shield. That may be impossible, sir. Things are only impossible until they are not. Yes, sir"
"I am the culmination of one man's dream. This is not ego, or vanity. But when Dr. Soong created me, he added to the substance of the universe"
"If, by your experiments, I am destroyed, something unique, something wonderful will be lost. I cannot permit that. I must protect his dream"
"Where are the calluses we doctors are supposed to grow over our feelings? Perhaps the good ones never get them" 
"Your Honor, the courtroom is a crucible. In it we burn away irrelevancies until we are left with a pure product, the truth for all time. Now sooner or later, this man or others like him will succeed in replicating Commander Data. And the decision you reach here today will determine how we will regard this creation of our genius." ---Captain Picard
"It will reveal the kind of a people we are, what he is destined to be. It will reach far beyond this courtroom and this one android. It could significantly redefine the boundaries of personal liberty and freedom, expanding them for some, savagely curtailing them for others. Are you prepared to condemn him and all who come after him to servitude and slavery? Your Honor, Starfleet was founded to seek out new life, well there it sits! Waiting."
"You wanted a chance to make law. Well, here it is. Make it a good one.”
"You don’t get to destroy who I am. You will go back to prison, and spend the rest of your miserable life in a cage, knowing, that you’ll never have Vanessa. That this city, rejected you. It BEAT you. I! BEAT YOU!" ---Daredevil
"Good morning. In less than an hour, aircraft from here will join others from around the world. And you will be launching the largest aerial battle in this history of mankind." ---The President from independance day
"that word should have new meaning for all of us today. We can't be consumed by our petty differences anymore." Mankind -- 
"We will be united in our common interests. Perhaps its fate that today is the 4th of July, and you will once again be fighting for our freedom, not from tyranny, oppression, or persecution" -- but from annihilation.
"We're fighting for our right to live, to exist. And should we win the day, the 4th of July will no longer be known as an American holiday, but as the day when the world declared in one voice:"
"We will not go quietly into the night! We will not vanish without a fight!We're going to live on! We're going to survive! Today, we celebrate our Independence Day!"--- Moonknight
"You know where I belong, punk? I belong with the decent and innocent folk who can't find a moment's peace, not in the streets, not in their own homes, so long as punks like you terrorize them. I belong with the persecuted."
"I am Iron Man." - Tony Stark, Iron Man (2008)
